Release 4.12.0 (#265)
blackbaud/skyux-datetime: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.12.0 (2021-06-15)

> - Added an optional `pickerClass` for the date picker component. [#264](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-datetime/pull/264)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an optional `pickerClass` property for the datepicker component. [#264](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-datetime/pull/264)
```
